*Who looks after your personal information*
Your personal information will be held by Lloyds Bank Plc which is part of the Lloyds Banking 
Group. More information on the Group can be found at www.lloydsbankinggroup.com
*How we use your personal information*
We will use your personal information:
•	to provide products and services, manage your relationship with us and comply with 
any laws or regulations we are subject to (for example the laws that prevent financial 
crime or the regulatory requirements governing the products we offer).
•	for other purposes including improving our services, exercising our rights in relation to 
agreements and contracts and identifying products and services that may be of interest.
To support us with the above we analyse information we know about you and how you use 
our products and services, including some automated decision making. You can find out 
more about how we do this, and in what circumstances you can ask us to stop, in our full 
privacy notice.
*Who we share your personal information with*
Your personal information will be shared within Lloyds Banking Group and other companies 
that provide services to you or us, so that we and any other companies in our Group can look 
after your relationship with us. By sharing this information it enables us to better understand 
our customers’ needs, run accounts and policies, and provide products and services 
efficiently. This processing may include activities which take place outside of the European 
Economic Area. If this is the case we will ensure appropriate safeguards are in place to 
protect your personal information. You can find out more about how we share your personal 
information with credit reference agencies below and can access more information about 
how else we share your information in our full privacy notice.
*Where we collect your personal information from*
We will collect personal information about you from a number of sources including:
•	information given to us on application forms, when you talk to us in branch, over the 
phone or through the device you use and when new services are requested.
•	from analysis of how you operate our products and services, including the frequency, 
nature, location, origin and recipients of any payments.
•	from or through other organisations (for example card associations, credit reference 
agencies, insurance companies, retailers, comparison websites, social media and 
fraud prevention agencies).
•	in certain circumstances we may also use information about health or criminal 
convictions but we will only do this where allowed by law or if you give us your consent.
You can find out more about where we collect personal information about you from in our 
full privacy notice.
*Do you have to give us your personal information*
We may be required by law, or as a consequence of any contractual relationship we have, to 
collect certain personal information. Failure to provide this information may prevent or delay 
us fulfilling these obligations or performing services.
*What rights you have over your personal information*
The law gives you a number of rights in relation to your personal information including:
•	the right to access the personal information we have about you. This includes 
information from application forms, statements, correspondence and call recordings.
•	the right to get us to correct personal information that is wrong or incomplete.
•	in certain circumstances, the right to ask us to stop using or delete your 
personal information.
•	from 25 May 2018 you will have the right to receive any personal information we 
have collected from you in an easily re-usable format when it’s processed on certain 
grounds, such as consent or for contractual reasons. You can also ask us to pass this 
information on to another organisation.
You can find out more about these rights and how you can exercise them in our full 
privacy notice.
*Other Individuals you have financial links with*
We may also collect personal information about other individuals who you have a financial 
link with. This may include people who you have joint accounts or policies with such as 
your partner/spouse, dependents, beneficiaries or people you have commercial links to, for 
example other directors or officers of your company.
We will collect this information to assess any applications, provide the services requested 
and to carry out credit reference and fraud prevention checks. You can find out more about 
how we process personal information about individuals with whom you have a financial link 
in our full privacy notice.
*How we use credit reference agencies*
In order to process your application we may supply your personal information to credit 
reference agencies (CRAs) including how you use our products and services and they will 
give us information about you, such as about your financial history. We do this to assess 
creditworthiness and product suitability, check your identity, manage your account, trace 
and recover debts and prevent criminal activity.

We may also continue to exchange information about you with CRAs on an ongoing basis, 
including about your settled accounts and any debts not fully repaid on time, information on 
funds going into the account, the balance on the account and, if you borrow, details of your 
repayments or whether you repay in full and on time. CRAs will share your information with 
other organisations, for example other organisations you ask to provide you with products 
and services. Your data will also be linked to the data of any joint applicants or other financial 
associates as explained above.
You can find out more about the identities of the CRAs, and the ways in which they use and 
share personal information, in our full privacy notice.
How we use fraud prevention agencies
The personal information we have collected from you and anyone you have a financial link 
with may be shared with fraud prevention agencies who will use it to prevent fraud and 
money laundering and to verify your identity. If fraud is detected, you could be refused 
certain services, finance or employment. Further details of how your information will be used 
by us and these fraud prevention agencies, and your data protection rights, can be found in 
our full privacy notice

*Our full privacy notice*
It is important that you understand how the personal information you give us will be used. 
Therefore, we strongly advise that you read our full privacy notice, which you can find at 
http://www.lloydsbank.com/privacy.asp or you can ask us for a copy.
*How you can contact us*
If you have any questions or require more information about how we use your personal 
information please contact us using https://secure.lloydsbank.com/retail/contact_us/how-
we-can-help.asp. You can also call us on 0345 602 1997.
If you feel we have not answered your question Lloyds Banking Group has a Group Data 
Privacy Officer, who you can contact on 0345 602 1997 and tell us you want to speak to our 
Data Privacy Officer.
*Version Control*
This notice was last updated in February 2018




